
Hub Culture Overview

What is my Hub Name ?
Your Hub Name is [hub-name]

What is my Hub ven balance ?
Your ven balance is [hub-ven_balance]

What is my Hub email ?
Your Hub email is [hub-email]

When is my Hub Date of Birth or DOB or birthday ?
Your birthday is on [hub-dateOfBirth] . Looks like its not that far away , Get ready for a birthday bash.

What is my Hub status ?
Your current Hub status is [hub-status]

What is my Hub Phone number or mobile number ?
Your phone number is [hub-mobile]

Collaborate in a virtual state.

Our mission to enhance collective consciousness as we build the frameworks for the first virtual state.

Hub Culture offers members access to a valuable ecosystem of services designed to support the needs of today's global citizen based on a single digital identity owned by the member, called HubID. HubID enables individual data ownership, privacy management and control - true to core principles of the company.

ULTRA is an exchange system for digital assets based on blockchain technologies. It powers a rapidly growing marketplace in Hub Culture.

ZEKE is an emergent intelligence and concierge host for the community. It learns from Specks, bits of data that can be priced in Ven and shared between users.

AGREE is a digital contract service to enable faster deal flow between members. AGREE forms the basis of a library of attributes, terms and conditions that inform Bermuda Standard, a growing repository of Specks to educate Zeke, and which can be shared at the nation-state level to improve cooperation.

The Open Audit Initiative is a real-time auditing service for the community.
3
Would you like to learn about Network and Pavilion Membership?
To speak with a Hub Culture representative, please call toll free number +1844 HUB CULTURE or email us.
Our Phone number is +1844 anyone can call us on this number anytime to resolve any queries .
Would you like to use, exchange or invest in our digital currency, Ven?
For exchange rates, visit Ven.vc. Ven is managed exclusively by Ven Finance Ltd., an independent operating entity to manage regulatory aspects of the currency.
 
Would you like to obtain HubID?
To obtain HubID, you need a Hub Culture account. Use the HubID menu to add data for verification. This builds your aura to unlock benefits.
 
Would you like to access Knowledge Services?
To book a broker consultation, generate intelligent contracts, or post a listing, login and visit the Knowledge Portal.
 
What we do:
Hub Culture operates around three functions - Pavilions (places to collaborate), Knowledge Brokerage (consulting and deal services) and HubID, a global identity service. Ven Finance operates, Ven, a global digital currency used within the community. Ven delivers singular global pricing, a great currency FX hedge and green DNA to help support more sustainable economies. Pricing is available from Ven.VC. Use the Ven app to exchange value with other approved and cleared community members.
 
Hub Culture uses collaboration technology to drive value creation. Tools include Hubs with file sharing and wikis, and Knowledge Brokerage and Contracts for rapid deal-making. These tools support Hub Culture Pavilions, cool places designed for meetings and networking. Hub Culture Pavilions include amazing spaces, like beach clubs, clubhouses, and the NooRepublic, an island project.
 
Membership to the HubCulture.com Network is free by invitation.  Membership upgrades are available to use the Pavilions and some areas of the platform, and these costs can be earned by members who contribute knowledge to others. Hub Culture is a positive, value creating feedback loop. Content is highly curated and often member generated.
 
See our Wikipedia or Crunchbase, or take a video tour of Pavilions, London, Davos, Ibiza or the NooRepublic.

1
Our History:
It all began in 2002 with the publication of the book Hub Culture: The Next Wave of Urban Consumers, one of the first explorations of global social communities. HubCulture.com was founded at this time to provide a meeting place for the global urban influentials described in the book. Over time, we began to produce functions (such as salon dinners, networking events and charitable fundraisers) to connect those who wanted to meet like-minded others.
 
The website became a leading reference point for the uniquely globalized zeitgeist that defines Hub Culture, with curated content and sharp coverage of the global scene.
 
In 2005 Hub Culture began creating Pavilions, longer term projects in key places. The number of activities grew into a series of regular projects and events reaching thousands of members. The first Pop Pavilion appeared in January 2005 on the beaches of Rio de Janeiro, with others following in Miami and St. Moritz. Today over 70,000 people have visited over 35 Pavilions worldwide.
 
In 2007 Hub Culture expanded the social network to include knowledge brokerage, future trend analysis and consulting services for a selection of blue-chip clients. In January 2007 the company released its first Zeitgeist Ranking, calling the scene in the world's leading urban centers. On July 4, 2007 the company introduced Ven, first available in Facebook. Today Ven is priced in real time against the markets, with a combination of currencies, commodities and carbon futures making up the value of Ven. Hundreds of millions of units have circulated as the world's first digital currency, perfect for micropayments, favours and valuing knowledge.
 
In 2014 Hub Culture began building HubID to put identity ownership into the hands of members
 
Hub Culture helps members build worth. The platform offers an easy suite of tools to enhance collaboration, and content is created with the help of knowledge-rich experts in a variety of fields who publish for themselves and the network.
 
Ven

Ven Finance Ltd. manages Ven, a global digital currency that values nature. It is the world's most stable digital asset and can be traded instantly and securely to any email address, phone number or cryptographic wallet address. Ven drives activity on Ultra, a digital asset exchange. In 2018, Ven launched a gateway to blockchains with an integration onto the Ethereum protocol.
Pavilions

Pavilion projects in key global cities enhance the mission of Hub Culture to help drive deals and enhance consciousness. Hub Pavilions represent a breakthrough in sustainability, work efficiency, and community development by providing spaces that combine the virtual and physical in stunning formats.

Pavilions create new types of interaction opportunities. They vary in size and operations, but all run on a sophisticated digital platform that includes a booking system, reservations, online store, proximity management, social media integration and more.

They offer a new way to work for the networked individual and forward thinking companies. They are a carbon winner - shortening commutes while aggregating resources. They build worth by cross-fertilizing ideas, companies and capital. They are a new type of innovation laboratory.

Pavilions both temporary and permanent have appeared in Austin, Beijing, Bermuda, Burning Man, Cancun, Cannes, Copenhagen, Croatia, Davos, Durban, Ho Chi Minh City, Ibiza, London, Los Angeles, Marrakech, Miami, New York City, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, São Paulo, St. Moritz and Venice. See upcoming projects.
Knowledge Management

The combined knowledge of the network delivers vibrant opportunity for deal making. Hub Culture uses Knowledge Brokerage to tap into this resource for curated deal introductions and consulting services.

Knowledge Brokerage is done at three levels: Exchange, Services, and Brokerage. Knowledge Contracts enable all members to quickly execute binding contracts.

We are represented in 130+ hubs around the world, assisting members with advice and knowledge in their home areas with 52 knowledge brokers.



Hub Culture is an invitation-led social network service that operates its own digital currency, Ven. Hub Culture is located in Bermuda.[1] Founded in 2002, it claims it had 32,000 members by 2021 - based on registered accounts.
History

In November 2002,[citation needed] Hub Culture was founded by Stan Stalnaker. It was named after his book Hub Culture: The Next Wave of Urban Consumers published in the same year.

In 2006 and 2008, United Kingdom operations where incorporated, Hub Culture Services and Hub Culture Pavilions, respectively.

As of March 2017, Hub Culture claimed to have 25,000 members, although this is impossible to verify.

In 2020 Hub Culture launched AQUA, the Active Quarantine User Ally, a HubID based health and travel service created during the COVID-19 pandemic. By 2021, the network claimed it had 32,000 accounts.[7]
Organisation

The Hub Culture group of companies is privately held with offices in Bermuda, Hong Kong, United Kingdom and the United States.[8]
Ven Currency
Main article: Ven (currency)

Launched in 2007, Ven is a Digital currency used by members of Hub Culture to buy, share and trade knowledge, goods and services. Anyone in the network and can use Ven at any 'Pavilion' or used for micropayments online.[9] The value of Ven is determined on the financial markets from a basket of currencies, commodities and carbon futures. It trades against other major currencies at floating exchange rates. Global pricing for Ven is provided by Thomson Reuters.[10]
Pavilions

In 2008, Hub Culture established its first 'Pavilions', coworking project spaces in cities that offer concierge and consulting services, meeting space, on an internet enabled technology platform. Pavilions may be either temporary and permanent. They have been opened in Beijing, Bermuda, Cannes, Cancún, Copenhagen, Davos, Glasgow, Ho Chi Minh City, Ibiza, London, Los Angeles, New York City, Marrakech, Miami, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, Southampton, St. Moritz and Venice. Among these locations, in December 2009 was a Pavilion in Copenhagen to coincide with COP15, a beachfront location in Cancún to coincide with COP16,[11][5][12] and a guest house location in Durban for COP17.

Between 2009 and 2020 temporary Pavilions opened in Davos, Switzerland during the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting. "Hub Maison" arrived in New York City for New York Fashion Week in its first fashion oriented collaboration with Sportmax. The New York Pavilion became the first Pavilion to offer contemporary retail fashion selections for sale in digital currency. In May 2010, Hub Culture opened the Cannes Clubhouse, a venue tied to the 63rd Cannes Film Festival in collaboration with Grey Goose. A private island in Croatia and Bali villa[13] project also use Ven as a means of exchange. The 2011 Davos Pavilion made history with the first vehicles available for sale in Ven, with the all-electric Nissan LEAF on offer.[14] In 2012, portions of the Davos Pavilion became the first in Europe to be powered by zero-emission energy from the Nissan Leaf using the Leaf-to-Home energy system.[15]

In 2017, The Hub Culture Innovation Campus and Beach Club in Bermuda featured expanded HubID. The digital id system included objects and entities,[clarification needed] allowing members to store Ven (currency) in company and object accounts representing digital personas, vehicles, surfboards, bicycles and other inanimate objects.[citation needed]

In the summer of 2017, during the 35th America's Cup Hub Culture opened several shipping containers [16] that were serving drinks at Ariel Sands in Bermuda.[17] The company claimed the popup bar featured integration of artificial intelligence, digital currency, digital identity and blockchain auditing in a retail environment.[18] In 2018, the Innovation Campus appeared in Paris, Cannes and Monaco over six weeks. In 2019 it appeared in Capri, Italy over two weeks. In Bermuda,the project was followed by the Bermuda Innovation Sprint, a two-week event gathering global Fintech leaders for meetings and other activities.[19]
HubID

In January 2014, Hub Culture announced HubID an open source digital identity system based on MIT Media Lab open source technology that extends data ownership around identity to the individual user.[20]
Ultra

Launched in 2018, Ultra is a private client Cryptocurrency Exchange using HubID and other Hub Culture technologies to enable the exchange of digital assets, including tokenised assets. The concept for Ultra emerged from the Bermuda Innovation Campus and Beach Club.[21] In addition to trading tokenized assets, Ultra Carbon, a digital carbon token, was the first asset to be presented on the exchange.[22]
AQUA

Launched in 2020, AQUA, (Active Quarantine User Ally) is COVID-19 pandemic service attempting to help travellers manage international health quarantines.[23] 
